FIP-0084: Drop ProveCommitSectors message after ProveCommitSectors2 inclusion (#820)
filecoin-project/FIPs: FIPS/fip-drop-provecommit1.md

---

fip: "<to be assigned>" <!--keep the qoutes around the fip number, i.e: `fip: "0001"`-->
title:  Deprecate  `ProveCommitSectors`  to Avoid Single PoRep Proof Verification in Cron 
author: Jennifer Wang (@jennijuju)
discussions-to: [<URL>](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/discussions/689)
status: Draft
type: Technical 
category (*only required for Standard Track): Core
created: 2023-09-03
requires (*optional):  [FIP-0076](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/blob/master/FIPS/fip-0076.md)

---

## Simple Summary

<!--"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." Provide a simplified and layman-accessible explanation of the FIP.-->

Deprecate *`ProveCommitSectors` (method 7)* in favour of `ProveCommitSectors2` and `ProveCommitAggregate` to enforce single PoRep validations and single sector activations are synchronously executed and billed to the caller, rather than executed asynchronously via a cron call to the actori.

## Abstract

> <!--A short (~200 word) description of the technical issue being addressed.-->
> A short (~200 word) description of the technical issue being addressed.
> 
> Currently, `ProveCommitSectors` takes single PoRep proof for individual sectors, validates the proof and activate the sectors along with the deals inside of the sectors via a cron call to the power actor. By contrast, when submitting an aggregated PoRep, all of the proof validation and sector activation are executed synchronously and billed to the caller. We want to resolve this imbalance in the improper sector activation gas subsidy available to the different onboarding methods, and also removes unnecessary work from unpaid network cron jobs.
> 
> To address this issue, we propose to drop `ProveCommitSectors` method after the upgrade that introduces `ProveComitSectors2` ’s inclusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, `ProveCommitSector` accepts a single PoRep proof for an individual sector, validates the proof, and activates the sector along with the deals inside it via a cron call to the power actor. In contrast, when submitting an aggregated PoRep with `ProveCommitAggregate`, all proof validation and sector activation are executed synchronously and the costs are billed to the caller. This creates an imbalance in the sector activation gas subsidy available to different onboarding methods, and also adds unnecessary work to unpaid network cron jobs.

To address this issue, we propose to deprecate the `ProveCommitSector` method after the network upgrade that includes the `ProveCommitSectors2` method, which is planned as part of [FIP-0076 - Direct Data Onboarding](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/blob/master/FIPS/fip-0076.md) and is expected to be in scope for network version 22.
```

Author: I removed the part about nv22 as I don't want to imply any inclusion until FIP is accepted by the community and core dev.

## Change Motivation

> <!--The motivation is critical for FIPs that want to change the Filecoin protocol. It should clearly explain why the existing protocol specification is inadequate to address the problem that the FIP solves. FIP submissions without sufficient motivation may be rejected outright.-->
> 
> Since FVM launch, all computation are properly charged and storage providers started to realize that even below the batch balancer base fee threshold, per sector commit cost via  `ProveCommitAggregate`  is still much higher than `ProveCommitSectors` .
> 
> As @anorth laid out [here](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/discussions/689#discussioncomment-5680517),”We explicitly charge gas (discounted) for the single proof validation when it is submitted, so it’s both bounded and paid for. However, the **state updates associated with sector activation are not metered**, because they execute in cron. The execution cost of this activation varies significantly with the deal content of the sector, but the storage provider doesn’t pay gas for this. On the other hand, aggregated proof validation also activates the sector synchronously, for which the SP pays the gas cost. Thus single-sector onboarding is subsidised relative to aggregation, but aggregation would otherwise efficiently support much higher onboarding rates.”
> 
> Thus, we would like to resolve the imbalance in the sector activation and make proof aggregation financially make sense again.
> 
> This change also removes unnecessary yet expensive sector and deal activation work out of the network cron, in which prevent the network from potential cron blowup in the long term. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the FVM launch, all computations are properly charged and storage providers have started to realize that even below the batch balancer base fee threshold, the per sector commit cost via `ProveCommitAggregate` is higher than `ProveCommitSector`.

As @anorth laid out [here](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/discussions/689#discussioncomment-5680517):

> "We explicitly charge gas (discounted) for the single proof validation when it is submitted, so it’s both bounded and paid for. However, the **state updates associated with sector activation are not metered**, because they execute in cron. The execution cost of this activation varies significantly with the deal content of the sector, but the storage provider doesn’t pay gas for this. On the other hand, aggregated proof validation also activates the sector synchronously, for which the SP pays the gas cost. Thus, single-sector onboarding is subsidized relative to aggregation, but aggregation would otherwise efficiently support much higher onboarding rates.”

Thus, we would like to resolve the imbalance in sector activation and make proof aggregation financially sensible again.

This change also removes unnecessary yet expensive sector and deal activation work from the network cron, which prevents the network from potential cron blowup in the long term.
```

## Specification

> <!--The technical specification should describe the syntax and semantics of any new feature. The specification should be detailed enough to allow competing, interoperable implementations for any of the current Filecoin implementations. -->
> 
> Drop `ProveCommitSectors` function, https://github.com/filecoin-project/builtin-actors/blob/807630512ba0df9a2d41836f7591c3607ddb0d4f/actors/miner/src/lib.rs#L1775C17-L1828. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drop the `ProveCommitSector` function, https://github.com/filecoin-project/builtin-actors/blob/807630512ba0df9a2d41836f7591c3607ddb0d4f/actors/miner/src/lib.rs#L1775C17-L1828. 
```

## Design Rationale

> <!--The rationale fleshes out the specification by describing what motivated the design and why particular design decisions were made. It should describe alternate designs that were considered and related work, e.g. how the feature is supported in other languages. The rationale may also provide evidence of consensus within the community, and should discuss important objections or concerns raised during discussion.-->
> 
> There are other ways to achieve our goal, like modify `ProveCommitSectors` to active sectors and deals asynchronously. However, the required protocol functionality can be achieved by other methods already, so deprecating the `ProveCommitSectors` is the simplest way and also reduce the actor code needs to be maintained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are other ways to achieve our goal, like modifying `ProveCommitSector` to activate sectors and deals asynchronously. However, the required protocol functionality can be achieved by other methods already, so deprecating the `ProveCommitSector` is the simplest way and also reduces the actor code that needs to be maintained.
```

## Backwards Compatibility

> <!--All FIPs that introduce backwards incompatibilities must include a section describing these incompatibilities and their severity. The FIP must explain how the author proposes to deal with these incompatibilities. FIP submissions without a sufficient backwards compatibility treatise may be rejected outright.-->
> 
> The deprecation of this method MUST happen after `ProveCommitSectors2` is available in the network and being adapted by the client.  
> 
> This proposal requires a network upgrade to deploy the new built-in actor code.****

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deprecation of this method MUST happen after `ProveCommitSectors2` is available in the network and being adapted by the client.  

This proposal requires a network upgrade to deploy the new built-in actor code.
```

## Test Cases

> <!--Test cases for an implementation are mandatory for FIPs that are affecting consensus changes. Other FIPs can choose to include links to test cases if applicable.-->
> Test cases for an implementation are mandatory for FIPs that are affecting consensus changes. Other FIPs can choose to include links to test cases if applicable.
> 
> Calling `ProveCommitSectors` will fail with ***USR_UNHANDLED_MESSAGE.***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test cases for an implementation are mandatory for FIPs that are affecting consensus changes. Other FIPs can choose to include links to test cases if applicable.

Calling `ProveCommitSector` will fail with ***USR_UNHANDLED_MESSAGE.***
```

## Security Considerations

> <!--All FIPs must contain a section that discusses the security implications/considerations relevant to the proposed change. Include information that might be important for security discussions, surfaces risks and can be used throughout the life cycle of the proposal. E.g. include security-relevant design decisions, concerns, important discussions, implementation-specific guidance and pitfalls, an outline of threats and risks and how they are being addressed. FIP submissions missing the "Security Considerations" section will be rejected. A FIP cannot proceed to status "Final" without a Security Considerations discussion deemed sufficient by the reviewers.-->
> 
> This FIP avoids single PoRep proof verification in cron, which reduces the free computations that occupying the network bandwidth  and the possibility of unexpected network performance issue.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This FIP avoids single PoRep proof verification in cron, which reduces the free computations that are occupying the network bandwidth and the possibility of unexpected network performance issues.
```

## Incentive Considerations

> <!--All FIPs must contain a section that discusses the incentive implications/considerations relative to the proposed change. Include information that might be important for incentive discussion. A discussion on how the proposed change will incentivize reliable and useful storage is required. FIP submissions missing the "Incentive Considerations" section will be rejected. An FIP cannot proceed to status "Final" without a Incentive Considerations discussion deemed sufficient by the reviewers.-->
> 
> This FIP will enforce storage activation fees to be paid by the callers rather than having imbalanced network subsidy. This means storage providers who only onboard sectors via `ProveCommitSectors` will start to pay for sector proof validation and sector/deal activation, which is a gas cost increase from ~71M to ~196M based on the current implementation. However, the activation cost is expected to be lower with the direct data onboarding flow via `ProveCommitSectors2` method, and storage providers and their data clients may chose to opt-out f05 deal activation, which also means way less gas usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This FIP will enforce storage activation fees to be paid by the callers rather than having an imbalanced network subsidy. This means storage providers who only onboard sectors via `ProveCommitSector` will start to pay for sector proof validation and sector/deal activation, which is a gas cost increase from ~71M to ~196M based on the current implementation. However, the activation cost is expected to be lower with the direct data onboarding flow via the `ProveCommitSectors2` method, and storage providers and their data clients may choose to opt-out of f05 deal activation, which would result in significantly less gas cost.
```

## Product Considerations

> <!--All FIPs must contain a section that discusses the product implications/considerations relative to the proposed change. Include information that might be important for product discussion. A discussion on how the proposed change will enable better storage-related goods and services to be developed on Filecoin. FIP submissions missing the "Product Considerations" section will be rejected. An FIP cannot proceed to status "Final" without a Product Considerations discussion deemed sufficient by the reviewers.-->
> 
> All functionalities of Filecoin remains with this change. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All features provided by Filecoin continue to function as expected.
```

## Implementation

> <!--The implementations must be completed before any core FIP is given status "Final", but it need not be completed before the FIP is accepted. While there is merit to the approach of reaching consensus on the specification and rationale before writing code, the principle of "rough consensus and running code" is still useful when it comes to resolving many discussions of API details.-->
> The implementations must be completed before any core FIP is given status "Final", but it need not be completed before the FIP is accepted. While there is merit to the approach of reaching consensus on the specification and rationale before writing code, the principle of "rough consensus and running code" is still useful when it comes to resolving many discussions of API details.
> 
> Drop `ProveCommitSectors` function, https://github.com/filecoin-project/builtin-actors/blob/807630512ba0df9a2d41836f7591c3607ddb0d4f/actors/miner/src/lib.rs#L1775C17-L1828. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation involves dropping the [`ProveCommitSector` function](https://github.com/filecoin-project/builtin-actors/blob/807630512ba0df9a2d41836f7591c3607ddb0d4f/actors/miner/src/lib.rs#L1775C17-L1828). 
```

status: Draft
type: Technical 
category: Core
created: 2023-09-03
requires: FIP-0076
---

## Simple Summary

Remove *`ProveCommitSector` (method 7)* in favor of `ProveCommitSectors2` and `ProveCommitAggregate`. This change ensures that single PoRep validations and single sector activations are executed synchronously and billed to the caller, instead of being executed asynchronously via a cron call to the actor.

## Abstract

Currently, `ProveCommitSector` accepts a single PoRep proof for an individual sector, validates the proof, and activates the sector along with the deals inside it via a cron call to the power actor. In contrast, when submitting an aggregated PoRep with `ProveCommitAggregate`, all proof validation and sector activation are executed synchronously and the costs are billed to the caller. This creates an imbalance in the sector activation gas subsidy available to different onboarding methods, and also adds unnecessary work to unpaid network cron jobs.

FIP-0076 provides an alternative, synchronous activation path for non-aggregated proofs. This proposal subsequently removes the ProveCommitSector method once and thus the imbalance.

## Change Motivation

> Since the FVM launch, all computations are properly charged and storage providers have started to realize that even below the batch balancer base fee threshold, the per sector commit cost via `ProveCommitAggregate` is higher than `ProveCommitSector`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since the FVM launch, all computations are properly charged and it has become evident that even below the batch balancer base fee threshold, the per sector commit cost via `ProveCommitAggregate` is higher than `ProveCommitSector`.
```

The chain explicitly charge gas (discounted) for the single proof validation when it is submitted, so it’s both bounded and paid for. However, the **state updates associated with sector activation are not metered**, because they execute in cron. The execution cost of this activation varies significantly with the deal content of the sector, but the storage provider doesn’t pay gas for this. On the other hand, aggregated proof validation also activates the sector synchronously, for which the SP pays the gas cost. Thus, single-sector onboarding is subsidized relative to aggregation, but aggregation would otherwise efficiently support much higher onboarding rates. The proposed change will resolve the imbalanced cost of sector activation using different onboarding methods and make proof aggregation financially sensible again.

> In addition, the activation jobs are being executed in cron which means the chain is subsidying the job cost. This is not a desireable subsidy incentive as it leads to the inefficient use of the chain validation resources by discouraging aggregation of proofs. Thus, the proposed the change also removes unnecessary yet expensive sector and deal activation work from the network cron, which prevents the network from potential cron blowup in the long term as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, the activation jobs are being executed in cron which means the chain is subsidi[sz]ing the job cost. This is not a desirable subsidy incentive as it leads to the inefficient use of the chain validation resources by discouraging aggregation of proofs. Thus, the proposed the change also removes unnecessary yet expensive sector and deal activation work from the network cron, which prevents the network from potential cron blowup in the long term as well.
```

- <TODO add fvm syscall  to be removed>  

## Specification

Drop the `ProveCommitSector` [function](https://github.com/filecoin-project/builtin-actors/blob/807630512ba0df9a2d41836f7591c3607ddb0d4f/actors/miner/src/lib.rs#L1775-L1828). 

## Design Rationale

There are other ways to achieve our goal, like modifying `ProveCommitSector` to activate sectors and deals synchronously. However, with FIP-0076 introducing an alternative method that allows activating sectors with non-aggregated proof synchronously with other richer functionalities, along with the existence of `ProveCommitAggregate` that also allows synchronous activation, the old method is redundant and does not bring much onto the table. Therefore, reducing to one way and dropping the limitted pathway `ProveCommitSector` to redduce actor code complexity, implementation friction and risk and etc is preferred.

## Backwards Compatibility

> The deprecation of this method MUST happen after `ProveCommitSectors2` is available in the network and adopted by the clients.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The deprecation of this method MUST happen after the methods from FIP-0076 are available in the network and adopted by the clients.  
```

---

fip: "<to be assigned>" <!--keep the qoutes around the fip number, i.e: `fip: "0001"`-->

> title:  Deprecate  `ProveCommitSectors`  to Avoid Single PoRep Proof Verification in Cron 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title:  Remove miner ProveCommitSector method
```

"Deprecate" isn't concrete enough. I would say it's already deprecated (i.e. shouldn't be used) after FIP-0076. But this is a proposal to actually remove it.

author: Jennifer Wang (@jennijuju)

> discussions-to: [<URL>](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/discussions/689)

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure this is an appropriate discussion topic to use here. It's a good discussion about a problem, but not particularly oriented around this solution. The context of FIP-0076 wasn't available when that discussion was made. Could you please open a new one and summarise this proposal there?

Author: https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/discussions/899

> discussions-to: [<URL>](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/discussions/689)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
discussions-to: https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/discussions/689
```

status: Draft
type: Technical 

> category (*only required for Standard Track): Core

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
category: Core
```

created: 2023-09-03

> requires (*optional):  [FIP-0076](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/blob/master/FIPS/fip-0076.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
requires: FIP-0076
```

Following template and existing convention. (Should we update the template/convention? Maybe!)

---

## Simple Summary

> Deprecate *`ProveCommitSector` (method 7)* in favor of `ProveCommitSectors2` and `ProveCommitAggregate`. This change ensures that single PoRep validations and single sector activations are executed synchronously and billed to the caller, instead of being executed asynchronously via a cron call to the actor.

Reviewer 2: Deprecate -> Remove, or Disable, or similar

## Abstract

Currently, `ProveCommitSector` accepts a single PoRep proof for an individual sector, validates the proof, and activates the sector along with the deals inside it via a cron call to the power actor. In contrast, when submitting an aggregated PoRep with `ProveCommitAggregate`, all proof validation and sector activation are executed synchronously and the costs are billed to the caller. This creates an imbalance in the sector activation gas subsidy available to different onboarding methods, and also adds unnecessary work to unpaid network cron jobs.

> To address this issue, we propose to deprecate the `ProveCommitSector` method after the network upgrade that includes the `ProveCommitSectors2` method, which is planned as part of [FIP-0076 - Direct Data Onboarding](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/blob/master/FIPS/fip-0076.md) and is expected to be in scope for upcoming network upgrades.

Reviewer 2: "FIP-0076 provides an alternative, synchronous activation path for non-aggregated proofs. This proposal removes the ProveCommitSector method and thus the imbalance."

Discussion of planned network upgrades is not within scope of FIP specs.

Author: > but I'd still like us to clearly state that this comes strictly after FIP-0076, i.e. not at the same time.

Could you please elaborate on why do you think this cannot come at the same time with FIP-0076? I don't think it is necessarily true. We probably will want to keep ProveCommitSector a bit longer just to make sure the new method works as expected before fully reject it from the chain. Tho I think we can do this in the same upgrade, if desired to

## Change Motivation

Since the FVM launch, all computations are properly charged and storage providers have started to realize that even below the batch balancer base fee threshold, the per sector commit cost via `ProveCommitAggregate` is higher than `ProveCommitSector`.

As @anorth laid out [here](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/discussions/689#discussioncomment-5680517):

> > "We explicitly charge gas (discounted) for the single proof validation when it is submitted, so it’s both bounded and paid for. However, the **state updates associated with sector activation are not metered**, because they execute in cron. The execution cost of this activation varies significantly with the deal content of the sector, but the storage provider doesn’t pay gas for this. On the other hand, aggregated proof validation also activates the sector synchronously, for which the SP pays the gas cost. Thus, single-sector onboarding is subsidized relative to aggregation, but aggregation would otherwise efficiently support much higher onboarding rates.”

Reviewer 2: Please just inline and adjust the quote into the text. No attribution is needed. (Also replace "We" with "the chain")

> Thus, we would like to resolve the imbalance in sector activation and make proof aggregation financially sensible again.

Reviewer 2: Instead of "we would like" please just describe the motivation to resolve the imbalance.

This change also removes unnecessary yet expensive sector and deal activation work from the network cron, which prevents the network from potential cron blowup in the long term.

> 

Reviewer 3: I'd also like to note that this will let us get rid of the FVM syscall that lets actors explicitly charge gas. We _currently_ use this to charge for the deferred proof verification.

Author: which sys call is this?

Author: kernel GasOps?

## Specification

> Drop the `ProveCommitSector` function, https://github.com/filecoin-project/builtin-actors/blob/807630512ba0df9a2d41836f7591c3607ddb0d4f/actors/miner/src/lib.rs#L1775C17-L1828. 

Reviewer 2: It's probably worth being clear about what should happen instead. I am guessing abort with NO_SUCH_METHOD, as for any other unimplemented method number.

> Drop the `ProveCommitSector` function, https://github.com/filecoin-project/builtin-actors/blob/807630512ba0df9a2d41836f7591c3607ddb0d4f/actors/miner/src/lib.rs#L1775C17-L1828. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Drop the `ProveCommitSector` [function](https://github.com/filecoin-project/builtin-actors/blob/807630512ba0df9a2d41836f7591c3607ddb0d4f/actors/miner/src/lib.rs#L1775-L1828). 
```

## Design Rationale

> There are other ways to achieve our goal, like modifying `ProveCommitSector` to activate sectors and deals asynchronously. However, the required protocol functionality can be achieved by other methods already, so deprecating the `ProveCommitSector` is the simplest way and also reduces the actor code that needs to be maintained.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are other ways to achieve our goal, like modifying `ProveCommitSector` to activate sectors and deals synchronously. However, the required protocol functionality can be achieved by other methods already, so deprecating the `ProveCommitSector` is the simplest way and also reduces the actor code that needs to be maintained.
```

> There are other ways to achieve our goal, like modifying `ProveCommitSector` to activate sectors and deals asynchronously. However, the required protocol functionality can be achieved by other methods already, so deprecating the `ProveCommitSector` is the simplest way and also reduces the actor code that needs to be maintained.

Reviewer 2: I would say the rationale is more than FIP-0076 introduces an alternative that is both synchronous and offers more functionality, making the old way redundant. And then yes having more than one way to do things adds code complexity, risk, implementation friction etc so reducing to one way is preferred.

## Backwards Compatibility

The deprecation of this method MUST happen after `ProveCommitSectors2` is available in the network and being adapted by the client.  

This proposal requires a network upgrade to deploy the new built-in actor code.

## Test Cases

> Test cases for an implementation are mandatory for FIPs that are affecting consensus changes. Other FIPs can choose to include links to test cases if applicable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Calling `ProveCommitSector` will fail with ***USR_UNHANDLED_MESSAGE.***

Reviewer 5: Small nit, but should this be moved to the specification section?

Reviewer 4: Ties in to https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/pull/820/files#r1409927089

## Security Considerations

This FIP avoids single PoRep proof verification in cron, which reduces the free computations that are occupying the network bandwidth and the possibility of unexpected network performance issues.

## Incentive Considerations

> This FIP will enforce storage activation fees to be paid by the callers rather than having an imbalanced network subsidy. This means storage providers who only onboard sectors via `ProveCommitSector` will start to pay for sector proof validation and sector/deal activation, which is a gas cost increase from ~71M to ~196M based on the current implementation. However, the activation cost is expected to be lower with the direct data onboarding flow via the `ProveCommitSectors2` method, and storage providers and their data clients may choose to opt-out of f05 deal activation, which would result in significantly less gas cost.

Reviewer 2: I think more could be said here (or in motivation) about how the subsidy incentivises inefficient use of the resources of chain validation by discouraging aggregation of proofs.

Author: (included in the motivation section

> This FIP will enforce storage activation fees to be paid by the callers rather than having an imbalanced network subsidy. This means storage providers who only onboard sectors via `ProveCommitSector` will start to pay for sector proof validation and sector/deal activation, which is a gas cost increase from ~71M to ~196M based on the current implementation. However, the activation cost is expected to be lower with the direct data onboarding flow via the `ProveCommitSectors2` method, and storage providers and their data clients may choose to opt-out of f05 deal activation, which would result in significantly less gas cost.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This FIP will enforce storage activation fees to be paid by the callers rather than having an imbalanced network subsidy. This means storage providers who only onboard sectors via `ProveCommitSector` will start to pay for sector proof validation and sector/deal activation, which is a gas cost increase from ~71M to ~196M based on the current implementation. However, the activation cost is expected to be lower with the direct data onboarding flow via the `ProveCommitSectors2` method, and storage providers and their data clients may opt-out of f05 deal activation, which would result in significantly lower gas cost.
```

## Product Considerations

> All features provided by Filecoin continue to function as expected.

Reviewer 2: Having only one entry point for onboarding non-aggregated sectors is simpler than two

## Implementation

> The implementation involves dropping the [`ProveCommitSector` function](https://github.com/filecoin-project/builtin-actors/blob/807630512ba0df9a2d41836f7591c3607ddb0d4f/actors/miner/src/lib.rs#L1775C17-L1828). 

Reviewer 2: Leave this blank for a PR to come later. Repeating the spec isn't adding anything.
